ALL the stuff we get in the json should only be accessable in sources to be reassigned. not just the trigger object. dont put a message there explaining anything on that, you have like "pipeline doesn't contain" thats unneeded. also i cant select parent filter in sources either, which i need. sources should be the path picker object too.  the pipeline paths wont let me select anything but like $today and $date. i try to select any others, nothing happens. the path picker shouldn't start out with pick a variable. we had a better looking path picker thing somewhere, maybe the add child module menu when i click plus in the headers. it should look like that, especially with the options and the css. it shouldn't be all items, it should be like occurances or fields or localvariables (and then i select the ones we made in sources or the other local ones we assigned in the pipeline if we are inside there). make it look flushed out. please remove datescope too. and also dont put the Use list instead button either at the end of the selection. thats what the dropdown is for before the path picker. (look at assign). we also need to make sure, that for the water and completed operations, we are looking at the Physical filter, so we should look up that occurance and see what it is. parentFilter isn't enough here. we need to make sure that the onFilterChange trigger for those operations, only run, if one of the ancestors of those instances with those diplay fields has changed. NOT when the schedule filter changes. those 2 operations shouldn't be using the schedules filter change. the path picker changes i mentioned here too should be for all the pipeline actions (find, create, etc) too. anywhere we use path, make sure we aren't selecting variables first (should be a menu first where we select like all occurances, or specifically containers, or specifically pages, specifically instances, (all of those being their occurances) and also specifically fields, localvariables, etc. please make a plan for these changes. the save should also exit to the main menu for operations as well and also the reorder for the pipeline is crashing the app when i try to drag an of the steps. dragging and reordering should bring the children with it if thats not already happening either. you also did not fix the logs where allItems shows "[Array(80)]" i said they shouldn't be strings, they should be explandable. and we still have iteration showing up in the trigger object.

I need the water and completed goals to calculate if dragged into the schedule so we should have a look up for that when we do the trigger for that, but when i do onFilterChange we should be looking up the Phyical container and getting the effective filter of that. 

also actually, the plus button on the headers doesn't have the look that i was thinking. it was the menu that used to be there, i think a while back. it let me select the diff type of occurances as a first menu, before showing those occurances in the next menu (currently it just shows a list of all occurances, id like a first menu). this should be using the path picker component too. and it should look like the old add menu in the selection look. in both the editors and in this new add menu. also we need to make sure that the sources section is the only way we can access the json data in the beginning. we assign those to local variables from there, and use those variables to do stuff with. and make sure the path picker is going from broad to granular but have each menu stoppable there. like maybe i do want to assign allContainers instead of just a specific container. we also shouldn't be showing the dot language for the path picker. it should show each selection of the path picker as a more flushed out spot and not a quick dot reperesentation (when its all already selected from the menu)

switch to the front end skill and really look at the operations editor. make sure ever spot is fillable and is filled when i load the seed data. and also make sure all the language makes sense. currently alot of spots is just confusing. 

also the due field thats assigned to todo list items, is not being set correctly when its added to the schedule through the operation. it just says due: date.

make a plan for all of this and dont skip anything i said, put them all in a task list.



